songs for 1q84

book 1 apr-jun
chapter(title)  char   song   by    page(s)
1 (don't let appearances fool you) Aomame Sinfonietta Janacek 3:
"The taxi's radio was tuned to a classical FM broadcast.  Janacek's Sinfonietta 
-- probably not the ideal music to hear in a taxi caught in traffic.  The middle-aged
dirver didn't seemto be listening very closely, either.
...How many people could recognize Janacek's Sinfonietta after hearing justthe first
few bars?  Probably somewhere between "very few" and "almost none".But for some reason,
Aomame was one of the few who could."
5: "She closed her eyes again and concentrated on the music.  She knew mothing about Janacek
asa person,but she wasquite sure that he never imagined that in 1984 someone would be
listening to his composition in a hushed Toyota Corwn Royal Salloon on the gridlocked elevated
Metropolitan Expressway in Tokyo.
6,7,9,10,

billy jean, michael jackson, 11,12
People stared at her in silence as she removed her shoes and coat.  From the open window of 
the black Toyota Celica parked next to the turnout, Michael Jackson's high-pitched voice 
provided her with background music.  "Billie Jean" was playing.  She felt as if she were performing
a striptease.  So what?  Let them look all they want.  They must be bored waiting
for the traffic jam to end. Sorry, though, folks, this is all I'll be taking off today.

chapter 3(Some changed facts) aomame
Janacek's sinfonietta pg29, 38

ch 4(If that is what you want to do) Tengo
bach, well-tempered clavier
"'You like sequences',Fuka-Eri asked , wihtout a question mark.'To me, they're like bach's WTC.
 I never get tired of them.  There's always something new to discover."

ch5(a profession requiring specialized techniques and training) aomame
nat king cole, sweet lorraine.
"She entered the bar a little after seven.  A young piano and guitar duo were playing "Sweet Lorraine".
Their version was a copy of an old Nat King Cole record, but they weren't bad.

pg55 it's only a paper moon
Nat King COle.

Ch9 (new scenery, new rules) aomame
pg 108 "aomame recalled the odd sensation she had felt when she heard the opening of Janacek's sinfonietta in the
taxi caught in traffic."
pg 109, 110, 111
PG111 - > version with george szell conductin the celveland orchestra

pg 111 "The A side was Bartok's concerto for orchestra."

ch11 (the humanbody is a temple) aomame
pg 131, 141 queen and abba
"On the bar's big wall television, Queen was performing...after the Queen video ended, ABBA came on..."

ch14 things taht most readers have never seen before tengo
pg 180 janacek
"the timpani was a difficult instrument,but it was dep andcompellingin its ownspecial way, its combination of sounds hinting
at infinitepossibilities.  Tengo and hisclassmates were rehearsing several passages excerpted from Janacek's sinfonietta, asarranged
for wind instruments."

ch 16 I'm glad you liked it tengo
pg 205,206
bach
'what kind of music?' 'i like bach' ' anything in particular?' 'bwv 846 to 893.' tengo mulled that over.
'the well-tempered clavier, books i and ii.' ' yes'

pg 206 
bach bwv 244 - st. matthew passion
'how about other works?' tengo asked.  'bwv 244'  tengo could not immediately recall which work of bach's had a 
bwv number of 244.  Fuka-eri began to sing.

ch 17 whether we are happy or unhappy aomame
pg213 john dowland's instrumental piece "lachrimae"
"the dowager was there, dressed in a jersey top and bottom for exercise, seated in her reading chair and listening to...
... while reading a book.this was one of her favorite piecesof music.  Aomame had heardit many times and knew themelody.

pg 215 haydn - cello concerto (but unknown)
"music playedat low volume - a haydn cello concerto.  this was another of the dowager's favorites.








